Add "Datadog Agent Container Security Context" (#19734)
DataDog/integrations-core: eks_fargate/README.md

## Troubleshooting

### Datadog Agent Container Security Context

> The Datadog Agent container is designed to run as the dd-agent user (UID: 100). If you override the default security context by setting, for example, `runAsUser: 1000` in your pod spec, the container will fail to start due to insufficient permissions. You may see errors such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Agent container is designed to run as the dd-agent user (UID: 100). If you override the default security context by setting, for example, `runAsUser: 1000` in your pod spec, the container fails to start due to insufficient permissions. You may see errors such as:
```
